[mgmt] devcenter release (#27445)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/devcenter/arm-devcenter/CHANGELOG.md

  - Interface PoolUpdateProperties has a new optional parameter singleSignOnStatus
  - Interface PoolUpdateProperties has a new optional parameter virtualNetworkType
  - Interface Project has a new optional parameter displayName
  - Interface ProjectEnvironmentType has a new optional parameter displayName
  - Interface ProjectEnvironmentType has a new optional parameter environmentCount
  - Interface ProjectEnvironmentTypeProperties has a new optional parameter displayName
  - Interface ProjectEnvironmentTypeProperties has a new optional parameter environmentCount
  - Interface ProjectUpdate has a new optional parameter displayName
  - Interface ProjectUpdateProperties has a new optional parameter displayName
  - Interface Usage has a new optional parameter id
  - Added Enum KnownCatalogConnectionState
  - Added Enum KnownCatalogResourceValidationStatus
  - Added Enum KnownCatalogSyncType
  - Added Enum KnownCustomizationTaskInputType
  - Added Enum KnownIdentityType
  - Added Enum KnownParameterType
  - Added Enum KnownSingleSignOnStatus
  - Added Enum KnownVirtualNetworkType
    
    
## 1.0.0 (2023-05-12)

> The package of @azure/arm-devcenter is using our next generation design principles. To learn more, please refer to our documentation [Quick Start](https://aka.ms/js-track2-quickstart).

Author: ```suggestion
The package of @azure/arm-devcenter is using our next generation design principles. To learn more, please refer to our documentation [Quick Start](ttps://aka.ms/azsdk/js/mgmt/quickstart).
```

> The package of @azure/arm-devcenter is using our next generation design principles. To learn more, please refer to our documentation [Quick Start](ttps://aka.ms/azsdk/js/mgmt/quickstart).

Author: ```suggestion
The package of @azure/arm-devcenter is using our next generation design principles. To learn more, please refer to our documentation [Quick Start](https://aka.ms/azsdk/js/mgmt/quickstart).
```
